# CEO of Quotex: A Comprehensive Guide to the Trading Platform

## Who is the CEO of Quotex?

The CEO of Quotex is Ivan Shvetsov. He is a serial entrepreneur with
over 10 years of experience in the financial industry. Prior to founding
Quotex, he worked as a financial analyst and trader for several
investment banks.

## What is Quotex?

Quotex is a binary options trading platform that allows traders to
speculate on the price movements of various assets, including
currencies, commodities, and stocks. The platform is user-friendly and
offers a wide range of trading tools and features.

## What are the system requirements for Quotex?

Quotex is available on the following devices:

### Android

\* Operating system: Android 4.4 or higher \* RAM: 1GB or higher \*
Storage: 50MB or higher

### iOS

\* Operating system: iOS 9.0 or higher \* RAM: 1GB or higher \* Storage:
50MB or higher

### PC

\* Operating system: Windows 7 or higher \* RAM: 1GB or higher \*
Storage: 50MB or higher

## How do I download Quotex?

You can download Quotex from the following links:

-   [Android](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22)
-   [iOS](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22)
-   [PC](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22)

## How do I start trading with Quotex?

To start trading with Quotex, you need to create an account. You can do
this by visiting the Quotex website or downloading the Quotex app. Once
you have created an account, you can deposit funds and start trading.
Quotex offers a variety of deposit methods, including credit cards,
debit cards, and wire transfers.

## What is the minimum deposit for Quotex?

The minimum deposit for Quotex is \$10.

## What is the maximum trade size for Quotex?

The maximum trade size for Quotex is \$1,000.

## What are the trading hours for Quotex?

Quotex is open for trading 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

## What is the profit percentage for Quotex?

The profit percentage for Quotex varies depending on the asset and the
time frame of the trade.

## What is the minimum profit for Quotex?

The minimum profit for Quotex is \$1.

## What is the maximum profit for Quotex?

The maximum profit for Quotex is \$1,000.

## What are the risks of trading with Quotex?

As with any form of trading, there are risks involved with trading with
Quotex. These risks include: \* The risk of losing your investment \*
The risk of not making a profit \* The risk of making a loss It is
important to understand the risks involved before you start trading with
Quotex.

## What are the benefits of trading with Quotex?

There are a number of benefits to trading with Quotex, including: \* The
ability to trade on a variety of assets \* The ability to trade 24 hours
a day, 7 days a week \* The ability to use a variety of trading tools
and features \* The ability to make a profit

## What are the different trading platforms that offer Quotex?

Quotex is available on the following trading platforms: \* MetaTrader 4
\* MetaTrader 5 \* cTrader \* WebTrader

## What is the best trading platform for Quotex?

The best trading platform for Quotex is the one that is most suitable
for your individual needs and trading style.

## What are the different types of accounts that Quotex offers?

Quotex offers the following types of accounts: \* Demo account \* Live
account

## What is a demo account?

A demo account is a practice account that allows you to trade with
virtual funds. This is a great way to learn how to trade with Quotex
without risking any real money.

## What is a live account?

A live account is a real account that allows you to trade with real
money.

## How do I open a demo account?

You can open a demo account by visiting the Quotex website or
downloading the Quotex app.

## How do I open a live account?

You can open a live account by visiting the Quotex website or
downloading the Quotex app.

## What is the minimum deposit for a live account?

The minimum deposit for a live account is \$10.

## What are the deposit methods for Quotex?

Quotex offers the following deposit methods: \* Credit cards \* Debit
cards \* Wire transfers

## What are the withdrawal methods for Quotex?

Quotex offers the following withdrawal methods: \* Credit cards \* Debit
cards \* Wire transfers

## What are the withdrawal fees for Quotex?

Quotex does not charge any withdrawal fees.

## How long does it take to withdraw money from Quotex?

Withdrawals are typically processed within 24 hours.

## What are the bonuses and promo codes for Quotex?

Quotex offers a variety of bonuses and promo codes to new and existing
customers. These bonuses and promo codes can be used to reduce your
trading costs or increase your profits.

## How do I contact Quotex customer support?

You can contact Quotex customer support by email, live chat, or phone.

## What are the different languages that Quotex supports?

Quotex supports the following languages: \* English \* Russian \*
Spanish \* Portuguese \* Chinese \* Hindi \* Arabic

## What is the Quotex mobile trading app?

The Quotex mobile trading app is a mobile version of the Quotex trading
platform. The app allows you to trade on the go and access all of the
same features as the web-based platform.

## What are the benefits of using the Quotex mobile trading app?

The Quotex mobile trading app offers a number of benefits, including: \*
The ability to trade on the go \* The ability to access all of the same
features as the web-based platform \* The ability to receive push
notifications about market movements and trading opportunities

## What is the minimum deposit for the Quotex mobile trading app?

The minimum deposit for the Quotex mobile trading app is \$10.

## What are the deposit methods for the Quotex mobile trading app?

The Quotex mobile trading app offers the same deposit methods as the
web-based platform.

## What are the withdrawal methods for the Quotex mobile trading app?

The Quotex mobile trading app offers the same withdrawal methods as the
web-based platform.

## What are the withdrawal fees for the Quotex mobile trading app?

The Quotex mobile trading app does not charge any withdrawal fees.

## How long does it take to withdraw money from the Quotex mobile trading app?

Withdrawals are typically processed within 24 hours.

## What are the bonuses and promo codes for the Quotex mobile trading app?

The Quotex mobile trading app offers the same bonuses and promo codes as
the web-based platform.

## How do I contact Quotex customer support from the mobile trading app?

You can contact Quotex customer support from the mobile trading app by
email, live chat, or phone.

## What are the different languages that the Quotex mobile trading app supports?

The Quotex mobile trading app supports the same languages as the
web-based platform.

## What are the system requirements for the Quotex mobile trading app?

The Quotex mobile trading app requires the following system
requirements:

### Android

\* Operating system: Android 4.4 or higher \* RAM: 1GB or higher \*
Storage: 50MB or higher

### iOS

\* Operating system: iOS 9.0 or higher \* RAM: 1GB or higher \* Storage:
5

